doc: Document the project creation process (#99)
rp-rs/rp2040-project-template: README.md

</details>

<!-- Creating the project -->
<details open="open">
  <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block" id="project-creation">Creating your project</h2></summary>

### Using `cargo-generate`

```sh

> cargo generate --git https://github.com/rp-rs/rp2040-project-template

Reviewer: I'd prefer the brief syntax that assumes github hosting, in case folks are typing this out instead of copy-pasting.

```suggestion
cargo generate rp-rs/rp2040-project-template
```

Reviewer: Also we have installation instructions for everything else, but not for cargo generate.

```

Follow the wizard 🪄 and enjoy your new project.

### Downloading as a zip file or using GitHub's template support

Obtain a copy of the code, either by downloading this repository as a zip file or using GitHub's
template feature, then apply the following:

> - Remove `debug_probe.md`.
> - Remove the `cargo-generate` directory.
> - Remote/edit `README.md`.
> - If using vscode update `.vscode/launch.json`;
>   Else: remove this file.
> - Edit `Cargo.toml` & adjust according to your project (especially its name).
> - Edit `.cargo/config.tml` to select your favorite runner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove `debug_probes.md`.
- Remove the `cargo-generate` directory.
- Remove/edit `README.md`.
- If using vscode update `.vscode/launch.json`;
  Else: remove this file.
- Edit `Cargo.toml` & adjust according to your project (especially its name).
- Edit `.cargo/config.toml` to select your favorite runner.
```

</details>

<!-- Creating the project -->
<details open="open">
  <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block" id="project-creation">Creating your project</h2></summary>

### Using `cargo-generate`

```sh
cargo generate --git https://github.com/rp-rs/rp2040-project-template
```

Follow the wizard 🪄 and enjoy your new project.

### Downloading as a zip file or using GitHub's template support

Once you have a copy of the code apply the following:
- Remove `debug_probe.md`.
- Remove the `cargo-generate` directory.
- Remote/edit `README.md`.
- If using vscode update `.vscode/launch.json`;
  Else: remove this file.
- Edit `Cargo.toml` & adjust according to your project (especially its name).
- Edit `.cargo/config.tml` to select your favorite runner.

### Downloading this repository as a zip or generating with github's template

From GitHub's UI, download this repository as a zip file and remove the `cargo-generate` directory.

> ### Generate with `cargo-generate`

Reviewer 2: It looks like you left an unfinished version of your changes in tho. I merged them for you:
~~~suggestion
### Generate with `cargo-generate`

```sh
cargo generate --git https://github.com/rp-rs/rp2040-project-template
```

Follow the wizard 🪄 and enjoy your new project.

### Downloading as a zip file or using GitHub's template support

From GitHub's UI, download this repository as a zip file and remove the `cargo-generate` directory.

Once you have a copy of the code apply the following:
- Remove `debug_probe.md`.
- Remove the `cargo-generate` directory.
- Remote/edit `README.md`.
- If using vscode update `.vscode/launch.json`;
  Else: remove this file.
- Edit `Cargo.toml` & adjust according to your project (especially its name).
- Edit `.cargo/config.tml` to select your favorite runner.
~~~

Author: Oh that's a good catch thank you!

I reworded the intro to the Manual section 👍
